Remove old Automate Transfer AP scope from timers scope dependencies (#1050)
globus/globus-cli: changelog.d/20241105_161119_max.tuecke_sc_35400_timers_scope_update.md

### Bugfixes

> * Removed the old Automate Transfer AP scope from timers scope dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the deprecated Automate Transfer AP scope from Timers' scope dependencies.
```

> * Updated CURRENT_SCOPE_CONTRACT_VERSION and timers min_contract_version from 1 to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `CURRENT_SCOPE_CONTRACT_VERSION` and Timers' `min_contract_version` from 1 to 2.
```
